c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.Android.dll.config
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.Android.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.Android.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.Android.apk
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\AMSClients.dll.mdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\AMSClients.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\AMSClients.Android.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\AMSClients.Android.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\AMSClients.Android.apk
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
