c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\AMSClients.dll.config
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\AMSClients.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\AMSClients.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\obj\Debug\AMSClients.csproj.App.config
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\obj\Debug\AMSClients.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\obj\Debug\AMSClients.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients\obj\Debug\AMSClients.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
