c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe.config
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
c:\users\gcasuso\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AMSClients\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.dll.mdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe.config
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.exe
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\FormsTemplateiOS.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.pdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.dll.mdb
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\gcasuso\Documents\GitHub\Xamarin\AMSClientsForms\AMSClients\AMSClients.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\AMSClients.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
